Get a simple, secure and affordable way to run
payroll and help you get back to business. Whether
you're at home, at the office or on the go, we fit the
needs of managing your business. In just a few
clicks, you can enter your payroll information,
preview it for accuracy, and approve it for
payment. It's really that simple. Your payroll
details are handled for you, including
depositing and automatically filing your
federal, state and local payroll taxes. Use
direct deposit at no charge or simply print checks
wherever and whenever you want. At any time, you
can access several reports to help you make the
right decisions for your business. Payroll
reports, employee benefit reports, along with
your annual and quarterly reports. You can also
get one stop support for your HR and government
compliance needs, saving you time and money.
Check out HR Advisor for free labor law compliance
posters, how-to guides, business forums, and
more. You're never without help because you have a
team of payroll experts available to answer your
questions and provide live phone and online chat
support six days a week. You can also get help
through our email and our online help center. Make
your business life simpler.